Agenda:

1. Diana: said she won't be able to contribute anymore

2. Division of tasks:
- Floris: PRAS, argumentation
- Sepideh: positioning in RE, "critical reader for the formal stuff"
- Marc: write the rest, implement

3. Planning:

December:
- Week 2 (5-9, DONE): analyze transcripts and try to extract arguments
- Week 3 (12-30, NOW): write formal part of paper

January:
- Week 1 (2-6): finish implementation
- Week 4 (9-27): finish journal: Sepideh and Floris provide input

February:
- Week 1 (jan30-3): last changes + submission

Sepideh: goal modeling is still quite popular, they have their own conferneces and workshops. There has been some recent work on making i* more standardized. Quite some groups are still working on it, both in the US and Europe.

possible journals:

TR 2.73
TSE 2.64  -- very software engineering.
EMSE 2.08 -- too empirical
> IST 2.02 
JSS 1.77
TOSEM 1.67
STVR 1.6
ASE 1.59
> RE 1.55
SOSYM 1.5

RE is probably best.

If not accepted: We can send it to IJIS with possible empirical evaluation, from both Sepideh and Floris.

Make clear what the distinction is between GRL analysis and argumentation. GRl analysis is about the satisfiability of elements, and argumentation is about determining the values.

Make explicit the relation between the argumentation part and the anaylsis. This should become clear in the methodology, something like:
1. Start with arguments
2. Extensions based on semantics
3. Then you have a goal model
4. Then you can do analysis

This is a back and forth process.

Add export functionality to GRL.

Sepideh: show an example of how the whole cycle can work. Maybe we should have the methodology section with an example before so people know what it is about.

Floris is rewriting section 2. It's currently confusing, too many concepts.

Sepideh also wants to be included into the discussions about the formal stuff.

Floris will have his version ready when Sepideh comes back

Sepideh's classes start around the 20th of January
Floris doesn't have classes until April
